README.md, before:

![icon](artwork/RegexToolbox-icon-100.png)

# Regex Toolbox

Regular expression tools for JavaScript developers.


## RegexBuilder

`RegexBuilder` is a class for building regular expressions in a more human-readable way using a fluent API. It offers a number of benefits over using raw regex syntax in strings:

 - No knowledge of regular expression syntax is required: just use simple, intuitively-named classes and methods.
 - Code is easier to read, understand and maintain.
 - Code is safer and far less prone to regular expression syntax errors and programmer errors.

It is fully documented in the [project wiki](https://github.com/markwhitaker/RegexToolbox.JS/wiki).

---
![icon](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/markwhitaker/RegexToolbox.CSharp/master/Artwork/RegexToolbox-icon-32.png) **.NET developer?** Check out the C# version of this library, [RegexToolbox.CSharp](https://github.com/markwhitaker/RegexToolbox.CSharp).

---
*RegexToolbox: Now you can be a [hero](https://xkcd.com/208/) without even knowing regular expressions.*

Commit message:

Added RegexToolbox.Java to README.md

README.md, after:

![icon](artwork/RegexToolbox-icon-100.png)

# Regex Toolbox

Regular expression tools for JavaScript developers.


## RegexBuilder

`RegexBuilder` is a class for building regular expressions in a more human-readable way using a fluent API. It offers a number of benefits over using raw regex syntax in strings:

 - No knowledge of regular expression syntax is required: just use simple, intuitively-named classes and methods.
 - Code is easier to read, understand and maintain.
 - Code is safer and far less prone to regular expression syntax errors and programmer errors.

It is fully documented in the [project wiki](https://github.com/markwhitaker/RegexToolbox.JS/wiki).

---
![icon](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/markwhitaker/RegexToolbox.CSharp/master/Artwork/RegexToolbox-icon-32.png) **.NET developer?** Check out the C# version of this library, [RegexToolbox.CSharp](https://github.com/markwhitaker/RegexToolbox.CSharp).

![icon](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/markwhitaker/RegexToolbox.Java/master/artwork/RegexToolbox-icon-32.png) **Java developer?** Check out the Java version of this library, [RegexToolbox.Java](https://github.com/markwhitaker/RegexToolbox.Java).

---
*RegexToolbox: Now you can be a [hero](https://xkcd.com/208/) without even knowing regular expressions.*
